[00:00] qx: Connecting, streaming, I think we're live. Welcome, everybody. I hope we're live. We'll see. I'll verify in one second on the channel.

[00:09] qx: And welcome to another Ergo community chat, this time themed on AI, vibe coding. I hate the word vibe coding, but I guess it's popular. By joining us to start, and hopefully more of you join, we have the join link in the Zoom in the bottom of this video on YouTube, if you go there, as well as the Telegram chat. But joining us right from the start are the infamous and famous kushti and HQ. How are you guys doing today?

[00:43] kushti: Doing well, doing well. So yeah, because of the topics of vibe coding for the whole day to get the better idea of what to talk about. But yeah, well, these days sometimes vibe coding a lot when it comes to writing tests. Yeah, also playing with basis. Server, basis tracker server, and yeah, it's almost fully vibe-coded.

[01:15] qx: Wow, and I just heard in dev chat, right, Louis Vatra made an entire node out of Rust purely vibe-coded. Was that recent?

[01:24] kushti: Yeah, well, the only question is how secure is running it. I mean, if miners are going to run it, then yeah, well, probably a lot of hard forkish divergences with the reference clients. That's what we've discussed. And yeah, so some divergence already now. Very cool.

[01:56] qx: You trust Fitz? We can bring him in? Yeah, yeah, yeah. All right, all right. Let me make him co-host so that he can actually turn on his camera and mic. All right, you're good, Fitz. HQ, how you doing? Good morning, sir.

[02:07] HQ: Yeah, good morning. So about vibe coding, I just vibe coded Android mobile dApp. I just tested testing working with the front end and just build a VoltPay frontend for it so you guys can swap.

[02:22] qx: So you got an APK we can download and run kind of thing?

[02:26] HQ: No, it's just that you just need a URL after dApp and you go to your mobile wallet, you go to the dApp section, you paste the URL and you get the UI there. So you just need to sign the DEX and that's it. So you don't need to go to VoltPay.store. So you will just have the swapping inside. Like Cake Wallet has this - it's in wallet swapping. So you would be able to buy ERG or you will be able to sell ERG for any other blockchain assets.

[02:57] qx: That's amazing, sir. That's fantastic. How long did that take you?

[03:05] HQ: I told you it was vibe coded. So it took me maybe one hour because there are so many components which don't work in mobile. So for example, I was trying to build a card with a toggle and drop down. It doesn't support that. So I had to make it simple as it can be. So now I'm just working on the backend stuff and then just getting it done and we will see how it goes.

[03:33] qx: Well, let me kick start, right? I'm going to kick start with some examples. And I know HQ, kushti, Fitz, you can't see my screen. But if you go to YouTube, you'll see what I'm looking at. If you go to YouTube and watch the stream, you should see with a 30-second delay what I'm actually going to be showing you.

[03:51] qx: So I jumped on the Vibe Coding Wagon a bit as well. I was kind of inspired by how much output Rob was doing with Degen's world, with all that stuff he's been outputting. So I was like, hey, you know, there's been some stuff I've been meaning to output. Let me try again. And the goal of my outputs were to create something that could interact with the Ergo blockchain and be kind of unstoppable, right? That nobody could take down, there was no central server or anything like that.

[04:25] qx: I came up with the first thing that I came up with with this app right here. It's called Site. It's an HTML file hosted on IPFS. It's got transaction building built into the HTML. It's about 10,000 lines of code for this one HTML file that can be pushed. And what it does, it allows you to do some sort of reporting online. And I'm not going to say or mention all the things that can be, because I'm sure some bad reporting things or things that are against laws could be reported on this kind of thing, which we'd want to discourage, but it's out of my control at this point.

[05:07] qx: You can come, you can put in a tag, you can see there's a node. I held a competition last week offering I think about $187 worth of Mew token, HQ's Mew token, for if we can get about 67 nodes to self-report on this site app right here. It's as simple as just typing in a filter. The filters are scanned at the refresh of the page. Let's see if I can get it to go. I'm going to refresh here. And you can see right here that we're scanning. We scanned everybody's wallet, essentially, for where we scanned the blockchain for a certain kind of token, which is made at creation for this. It parses them in. You can see there are 17 BERT, seven valid. So it's showing these seven nodes. We can actually filter by date as well. And we can filter by actual time tag as well.

[06:05] qx: We can hover over these two. And you can see that, well, if I zoom in here, you can see I should have two data points right here. Yeah, you can see I put in the middle of the city my personal nodes and my Cornell nodes right there. And you can see there are some other nodes that have started self-reporting as well here. That's one that didn't put a note. That's one that did. That's netims node. And then I have a backup node in Singapore as well that I put there. So this could be anything. This could be, I think, HQ, you were talking at one point of making an app like this for flooding, so people could report flooding on chain for that kind of thing. Fires, dangerous presence of whatever. So that's the idea. As long as you have a NIPoPoWs node to be able to submit to the blockchain that you can point to and this IPFS link, you can do reporting and you can't be stopped by filtering or anything like that. It's unstoppable as far as that goes.

[07:05] qx: And in the spirit of unstoppableness, I've put in a section two where you can put in your own Explorer and API for Node, so that even if something's blocked, you can point to somebody else's and use it, or use your own node on your local phone. We know Rustin can run that. So that's that. It's really easy to report features here. You can use mobile or Nautilus I added recently, all built into the HTML. There's a small proof of work anti-spam verification that actually creates a hash and nonce. So it's anywhere from 0 to 20 seconds when you click it. That's essentially to stop people from using this UI or to spam the network with stuff. And it will not, our tokens won't even be viewed on this page for display unless that nonce is there, right? So that's kind of a verification that you're tokens won't even consider it as part of this map unless you've done that proof of work for that kind of thing. Then you generate the link, and you send it out in a post within a minute or two. It'll show up on that site. So that's called Site.

[08:11] qx: Another thing that I threw on here as well with Vibe Coding straight up interacting with Ergo is Say. And that's kind of a Twitter alternative where you can link up your wallet, you can mint a token, and that token is then read on chain. You can see when I refresh that it's loading all the say's, and then it verifies that each say has actually been minted by the wallet that it's held in. So, you know, if there's a lot, it could take a little bit, but you can see that there's quite a few here, and it hasn't taken a bit to load it all. You can follow people, so you can type in up to 10 addresses, and it will show you everything in their says right there. You can even put in somebody's address. So I could put in HQ's address and see who he follows as well, kind of linking to that by clicking down and seeing that. And we can load our feeds down there.

[09:03] qx: Say is just easy. You're putting your wallet address, what you want to say. Same thing with anti-spam verification publish. It opens it up in your Ergo mobile wallet as well. You can also mint a token that lets you browse a user's say, essentially. And you can create a profile token so that if you look, it says my name right here, QX, as opposed to somebody just posting their wallet. And I think somebody else minted a token. Yeah, YongQ as well minted a token. So that'll stay in your profile and show up there as your name instead. And of course, there's info here on what it is. Just like on the site page, there's info on what it is. And even on the site page, there's info on how the transactions are or how it's all built together as well.

[09:48] qx: Now, you may say that, you know, how do you make sure that people are using the latest version of that you've built of site or say, and that's the one thing that I've linked back to myself, essentially. If you look down at the bottom of these pages, you'll see an updates. And all this is doing is the HTML is hard-coded to check in my wallet for an NFT that is named a certain way, and it reads that from there. So even if somebody is running an older version of Say or Site, they can see and hear that, hey, it should be version 1.2 in the upper left-hand corner. If it's not, click this link, bookmark this link instead kind of thing. So that's a way around these stale IPFS sites if you're releasing an application on the web, or at least that's a trick that I found. I don't like that it's attached to my wallet, but that doesn't stop somebody from taking the HTML, making their own editing, attaching it to their wallet or some smart contract where a collective of people will update a token for the updates. So it's possibly endless there as far as that goes.

[10:49] qx: And the last thing that I popped on there was - And this is something that I've spoken about for a long time in Ergo back in the day, was a way to send messages back and forth to people individually. I know HQ spent a lot of time making a messaging board, which is really cool where you have chats that fly back and forth, but this is more of a direct send to somebody. So you can come to this site, you can connect your Nautilus wallet, you can scan for messages. You can scan deep for messages too if you want to. If you want to see all your messages or your historical, you can scan a custom range for messages as well.

[11:27] qx: And the way it works is you put in the recipient address a message you can encrypt with a passcode. So essentially we can do a 22 or a 10 character passcode. And this just uses an encryption method with that passcode and salt to encrypt it on chain so that nobody can read your message while it's there. And then I would essentially find a way to, like, if I have a communication with HQ, I'd say, hey, HQ, our communication is, HQ is a big sexy beast. It's my 22-character password. So I know that every time HQ sends me a message, I decrypt it with, HQ is a very big sexy beast. There's ways that we can do auto-decryption, but that involves a little bit of revealing from the Nautilus wallet onto there. And I think it's safer this way, and it would require Captain Nemo to do some tweaks on his end for exposing decryption from the Nautilus wallet.

[12:25] qx: So that's that. You fill that in. You fill out a message lifetime, essentially, of how long you want this message to last for, up to 365 days, which is one erg, and then it scales backwards in time exactly. So two hours is 0.01 erg for the fee. And that's it. You enter the recipient. You hit Enter. And it builds a transaction. You send it. And then after two hours, you can come here to scan. And then anybody, and originally I was going to make this just for miners to do, but anybody can come to this site, fair game if they get to it first, and can build a transaction to burn. And then that message is now burnt off the blockchain to be cleaned up with some incentive to do it. So right now, in 3.8 days, somebody has sent a message. It's going to be burnt for 0.03 ergs they can burn it for and collect whatever that 0.2 is after the transaction fee.

[13:24] qx: So that's up and that's out of my hands. The HTML can be downloaded and looked at and rebuilt and taken somewhere else and reformed. It doesn't matter. They're all out there. And that's how easy, I think, vibe coding connecting to Ergo is, right? It was able to read the Nautilus SDK libraries, the Ergo mobile libraries. It was able to embed Wasm into the, at least the site app that I used, which makes it a little large, and all be self-contained so that you could just upload one HTML file. The site and the say are like four megabytes for an HTML file. The Enfermo messaging is like 400k, or maybe it's like 200k. It's extremely small, because I only have Nautilus integrated into it. But yeah, yeah. So that's me, guys. That's what I've been banging out, just trying to make some kind of unstoppable apps that could be done quickly, vibe-coded, and thrown on IPFS. What about you guys?

[14:32] HQ: Well, I have a new feature for you to add.

[14:35] qx: Let's hear it, sir.

[14:37] HQ: So for a formal message, instead of using the passcode, you could use the sender private PK. So right. So if there is message for someone, they can see that there is message, but they have to sign a TX and provide their private key. And when they provide their private key, it matches with the message. the token you have minted. So that's how they can see the message.

[15:00] qx: Yeah, so the issue there, I think, from when I was coding is that, first of all, the person has to have done a transaction on chain, right? But in that case, they're only putting their public key up on chain for that transaction or something like that. There was some issue from what I tried to understand that Nautilus can't expose enough during the signing transaction. And the person sending the message doesn't know enough about the receiver to be able to encode something that the person could then prove against and sign kind of thing when you're doing the initial encryption by the sender. So that was what I ran into and how I understood it. Maybe, kushti, do you understand this better, HQ?

[15:42] HQ: Yeah, I think there are pleat options for it. I think it's go to address and I go address to PK, which can be used to convert because you are already providing the sender address. So it can convert that into the, into the PK, which will instead of using the address, and then you can just extract and mismatch matching between the boxes or in your case, you are just doing with tokens. So instead of ending the description of the token, there will be instead of address, there will be the public PK of that address and that user has to validate somehow. So that would be one way to doing it, but yeah, I like the way you do it. It's the more simpler way.

[16:26] qx: Yeah, it's simpler. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then I'll look into that again. I'll take another stab at it, that's for sure. We'll see what we can do. What about you, HQ? What's the recent thing besides the Android app that you built? So we're talking with AI, right? Yeah, yeah, AI, yeah.

[16:48] HQ: So the last thing, I think the cart. 50% of the cart, the front end was done with AI. The back end logic for chain transaction and everything was done written manually, but most of the front end stuff was done with AI.

[17:03] qx: For what, which app?

[17:05] HQ: At MewMart, we have included a new feature where you can bulk list and you can bulk buy. Right, right. So there is a shopping cart you can go and, and actually I forgot to mention you that there is another option on Mart. So instead of check mark, you can just drag and drop those NFTs.

[17:26] qx: Let's show people. Where is it? MewMart, NFTMart? MewFinance, yeah. So if we go here and we look at these, we can click on, where's the button that we can multiple select there? Where'd you go, HQ?

[17:55] HQ: In the bottom corner, you will see a blue button. Just click on that. And then you can just drag any of those NFTs into the cart.

[18:04] qx: Not coming up for me. I see a yellow plus button at the bottom, mart.mewfinance.com.

[18:11] HQ: You have to go to your slash explore, not on the main screen.

[18:14] qx: OK, slash explore. OK, perfect. Yep, yep, yep. So we click that. We check a bunch of boxes. All right, now we're showing people here. So if we want to buy those three, then we go to our cart. Look at that. That's so cute. And then it pops over on the right, insufficient balance. Oh, no, I don't have enough. I don't have enough CYPX for these. And then, oh, you even do buy more on your DEX. Then buy five orders. So it's going to do five transactions, right, if that's what you had said before? But that's just how UTXO and the smart contract works right for that. So yeah. So instead of having to click, refresh, go back, do the thing, you can load them all up in the cart, hit buy, sign a couple transactions, and be done. That seems very convenient, sir.

[19:06] HQ: Yeah, and instead of clicking on check marking them, if you just like press the NFT and drag the NFT to the shopping cart, it will also add it to your cart.

[19:17] qx: Let's see. Oh, look at that, sir. Look at that. Isn't that cute? Super cute. Nice job, HQ.

[19:28] HQ: That's 60 lines of code just for people so they don't have to select.

[19:36] qx: When I code, I code very simple scripts. I code in Perl, I code in HTML and JavaScript, but we're talking like that 10,000 lines of code was absolutely stupid, ridiculous. Most of them are like 500, 600 lines per script. If I get up to 1,000 or 2,000, that's a little too much to take control in my liking. I want something that's like 10 kilobytes. I want it to load immediately because we're dealing with IPFS as well. So I wanted to come across the meeting. So I don't usually run into an issue where I'm AI coding, and I can't get something fixed, or I run out of tokens fast. I know I'm on the pro plan for Claude and ChatGPT Pro, but I don't run into that issue ever. But I hear people who have these big Node.js sites with 30, 40 files in it can run out pretty fast when they're trying to debug. How do you guys do that when you're running these bigger applications and more complex things?

[20:37] kushti: Doing what? Sorry.

[20:39] qx: So when I program, I'm writing small scripts. My code is under 1,000 lines. It's very easy. I don't run out of tokens. It's very easy for Claude to ingest and work on it. But when I hear about other people running big Node.js apps or these large applications, running out of tokens or getting in a spot where there's just too much for the AI to tokenize and bring in, how do you guys get around that when you're doing it? Or are you just focusing on small things as well?

[21:05] kushti: So usually you need to do specs all the time and work through specs with an agent like QuantCode, for example. So, actually, bro etiquette has a lot of experience here and he is working in particular on Git circles. Using that approach, so first you do a spec, right? Well, also, mostly with an agent. And then using the spec, you are working piece by piece on some specific part of software. And so, yeah, by doing that, you are managing the context window, right, because, well, if too much things there in context windows, so you are getting worse results in code generation. And Fitz, what is your experience? Are you playing with basis tracker or with testing scripts for basis?

[22:34] Fitz: Yeah, I have been. It's been pretty fun, actually. I kind of remember a quote that you said about taking over Ergo as much as possible, and it kind of gives me this feeling. So I've just been using Cloud Code. I don't have extensive coding experience. But yeah, I think the spec is right. I mean, you've got to get it. For me, personally, I just got to get it. It has to know what it's aiming for. And definitely, the prompt has to be, you have to have a well-defined prompt. But it was pretty easy, honestly, to get the basis and do a test, like a Alice, Carol, Bob type test. And it ran it for me. I'd just been doing that for the last day or so. Honestly, it's been a lot of fun. And I think it gets me thinking about a lot of other things I could do with Ergo.

[23:39] qx: So some other things I did that we can do as well. Sorry, I don't mean to jump on the horn again, but I forgot to say it. So this is something that was Vibe-coded for the SigmaNuts mining pool, right? Essentially, I took an old app I had for the mining pool, a very simple one, and gave it all the APIs of mining core, everything else, and told it to have at it, make it look nice, make it look functional. And it actually did a pretty amazing job doing what it needs to do there, showing all miners. We can go to this miner. We can select a certain C. We can see their payouts, all that kind of stuff.

[24:15] qx: But one thing, too, that I wanted to mention, the main reason I brought this up is because then I did this. I said, guys, we had a server go down, right? And I said, guys, why don't we do this? So I took right here, I took my file in my repo. I'd like to fully host this on IPFS. Is it possible to convert fully to HTML JavaScript instead of HTML JavaScript Perl? There we go. It explores it, does it, creates it, does some changes. There was an issue with one of the click-throughs. And then there was another issue with something else for a minor. They did some changes. Boom. That's it. And then it gave me an HTML file in my GitHub that I could then throw up on IPFS and hand to the miners, and they could have it run serverless without that. So that's some other cool stuff that I think AI can do for you. Save you a ton of time if you want to go from one platform to another platform. I know I just went from HTML JavaScript Perl to HTML JavaScript. But still, that opened up the window to be able to host it somewhere else fully. And as you can see from Claude, it literally took 10 minutes to convert an entire working app to that kind of thing. So that's a cool use case, too, that I've found.

[25:36] Fitz: Yeah. And I know this might sound non-trivial, but I honestly had a hard time setting up a node and doing interactions with the node. Now I just feel like I can vibe code whatever I'd like for the most part. I mean, of course, there's constraints I have to go through, but it definitely feels like an entry barrier has been decreased. So you can actually have fun.

[26:07] qx: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, once Claude understands the node endpoints, I mean, it's like game over, right? You show it what the endpoints are, what it produces, and it does more than you could remember to do at that point.

[26:20] Fitz: Exactly, yeah.

[26:22] qx: I had an issue with the Explorer running on peer-to-peer machines, which are 32 gigs of RAM and one terabyte hard drive. There's some massive queries that HQ and ACO keep throwing at me that some of them can't do. So with Claude and ChatGPT, putting them in there, letting them watch the terminal, and seeing the outputs or pasting in the outputs of certain things, it allowed me to do something that I've never done before, which is to identify where the SQL commands are coming in, the Postgres commands are coming in, what they're getting stuck on, what it's hanging on, and then giving me the codes to actually build a freaking index to account for those large queries. And so far, we've got three new indexes that we've built on peer-to-peer, the peer-to-peer infra that is still, I think, I haven't checked the status, but I know that a couple of people have installed them on their machines already. But that would have been impossible without AI. I mean, absolutely impossible. We'd have to find somebody like, what's his name, Boris, who hardly answers his DMs to help us out with that since he's kind of an expert in that field. But yeah, with AI, it's done in half an hour and tested and deployed.

[27:49] kushti: Yeah, and we are discussing a lot these days in the developers' chat how to use LLMs to improve things here and there. So in particular, it seems... So I've used LLMs to verify user contracts before deployment and yeah, it's working well. Actually, if you manage contracts properly, so we had some discussions with Rob. As a result, and yeah, I think we can actually release some files with a description of, well, popular problems developers, well, mistakes developers are doing in scripts and then, yeah, well, they can be efficiently verified. So it's much simpler than with EVM contracts and so on. Because yeah, here is the approach is simple and verification is also quite simple and manageable for LLMs. So, yeah, well, audit also can be done.

[29:06] qx: Right, so you've spoken for quite a while now, kushti, of saying that you're running iterated tests via AI. You're figuring out ways to test your code or at least security test your code some ways with LLMs?

[29:22] kushti: Yeah, so for our contracts, it's possible to find some issues, at least because usually it's about two or three vectors. Usually all the issues known to the moment can be categorized. Well, in a very simple way. So usually it's about the developer forgetting to check some register. Correspondence from inputs or outputs, right? just basically a human mistake, quite trivial for LLM to detect and report. And then another issue is, well, possibility to spend two inputs with one output, right, when it's not planned. That was found in production in some Cardano applications in Ergo. That wasn't exploited or publicly reported, but yeah, that's quite a popular issue and stated even in the ErgoScript white paper. And yeah, it's also quite easy for LLM to figure out this kind of mistake made by developer.

[30:55] kushti: And then for testing, for doing off-chain tests like Amitabh did a lot for Dexy and so on. Yeah, that's also much easier, quite trivial to do with. So this day, so I did some tests for chain cash contracts basically for free. Yeah, for four basis also. There are some contributors like Arcadia doing now some tests with LLMs probably without scala knowledge even, right? So, well, LLMs is just mutating test factors. And yeah, that's also quite helpful. So before a few years ago, we spent many days for doing such mutations manually. Then, yeah, well, with tests for contracts, you can find also some issues, right, when you're developing contracts. And then, yeah, for the node itself, so got better testing coverage. And, yeah, for Sigma interpreter also with LLMs. So they're working quite well when you already have vast testing code base. So when you have like 300 tests, it's quite trivial to derive another one, right? So yeah, that's where LLMs are working perfectly.

[32:42] qx: And while you're talking, kushti, I'm just going through all the stuff on Degen's world that he's built so far, that's accompanying your voice. Pretty neat stuff.

[32:55] kushti: Yeah, then developing some trivial contracts, right? Like, well, from a coding point of view, probably ErgoScript is not quite complex, right? But then you need to develop off-chain part and with LLMs it's now trivial because well, it's also quite simpletizable, quite straightforward to generate after studying existing examples.

[33:28] HQ: Well, I would like to shout out our two new devs we have, thanks to the vibe coding. So we have Michael, who is vibe coding, and also we have CannonQ, who's working on some stuff.

[33:39] kushti: Oh, right. Yeah, so Bro Etiquette, Arcadia, and more, yeah.

[33:47] qx: Well, you guys are chatting. Let me go to development and try to find CannonQ's site. What's it called, HQ?

[33:56] HQ: I think he did. It's cyberverse.app. Yeah, but I think if you go to new dev, I think there is this link for it.

[34:05] qx: Yeah, but I thought CannonQ had a name for it. It's like Wallet History or something like that. No.

[34:14] HQ: I think he built two different things. He built that one thing for cyberverse, another thing was for the Wallet History.

[34:20] qx: OK, here's Cyberverse Viewer. Let me put that up. Let's see how that looks, everybody. So he built this. Oh, that's a fast load. He's slow. Nice. Very cool. Yeah, so he's got Cyberverse Viewer here. Very cool. Do you know if he's using the CDN from Auction House that this stuff loads nicely?

[34:39] HQ: No, I think he has the map. Oh, fantastic.

[34:43] qx: Yeah, because it is fast loading. That's really awesome. Dang. Amazing. Who else? Who does the Cyberverse Wiki, right? Doesn't somebody else?

[34:57] HQ: Leximon, but he, I think, is not with us anymore, at least in the chats.

[35:03] qx: OK. All right, so this is a kind of at least take up from that. But this is awesome, yeah. And then CannonQ also built the kind of tax collector stuff, where you can put in a range of time. And essentially, it tells you what your tokens and Ergo have done in that amount of time kind of thing. So that's a pretty neat feature as well. Nothing like trying to murder all the nodes and stuff.

[35:27] qx: Oh, and I forgot about this, guys.

[35:35] kushti: Yes. So it's becoming...

[35:38] HQ: I have a question. So talking about AI agents, is there any way we can have AI agent on chain which can execute stuff based on logic? You just provide them?

[35:52] kushti: Yeah, but what does it mean on-chain?

[35:55] HQ: I mean that the AI agent is on-chain. For example, it's a smart contract on-chain where you send something like maybe a signal of something and the bot, instead of the smart contract logic, it also runs the AI logic to it. I know it's a super solution.

[36:15] kushti: Yeah, but that's AI logic is off chain, right? So usually it's when people are talking about AI on chain. So usually it's about some trusted gateway to trusted. I don't write.

[36:41] qx: So I'm clicking through on the screen. You guys can't see it on Zoom. But the Simple Explorer that I built with ChatGPT, maybe like eight months ago. And then I just recently revamped it with Claude a little bit to make it a little better. And it uses, what's it called? It uses the CDN from Auction House to find NFTs that they're holding and caching. So at least for now, NFT should load fairly fast. And I was going to look at, let's see, I was going to try to show you an example of that. Let's look for that.

[37:21] qx: So you can just type in a wallet, or an address, or a token ID, or a transaction ID, just like ErgExplorer, and it knows which one it is and lists it. So let's take an old NFT that we probably know shouldn't be anywhere like Cyberverse 1129. Boom, there, it loads perfectly well. And it loads from Ergo Auction House content delivery network, as opposed to the IPFS. Yeah, this one doesn't look like it, so it's going to try IPFS, and it's probably been too long to where it's been un-pinned from an IPFS site. So some of them will not load, ever, unless they're re-pinned somehow. Oh, it's a kushti Cyberverse skin. Look at that, kushti. That's one of my favorites. Did you know you're on Cyberverse? You have an Ergo piece of armor on, kushti?

[38:09] kushti: Uh, no, I don't know.

[38:14] HQ: For all the stuff I have done for Cybervese when I'm not even in the museum. No, I know the museum's a little old, right? When the game was open, I went to the museum and I was standing with a chilling friend. And I was like, okay, he's here and I'm not here.

[38:33] qx: Do we know if Heroes used any AI? I wish Heroes was here. It'd be nice if Heroes watching. Please hop in. But what's it called? I remember my password. It'd be amazing if... Sorry, I can't hear myself because I just opened up Cyberverse and it's blasting. It's blasting in my ear. Let me mute it. OK. It'd be amazing if Hiro would let us know how much AI is involved in his game creation now, right? Because they just actually, and for those of you on Zoom that can't see this, I'm in Cyberverse right now streaming on the right-hand side. They integrated the betas up for the early people that can hop in and test. And Pixel gave me access to it. And this is a new section right here for combat. Let me see. I'll go in real quickly, and I will enter this part and get the crap kicked out of me by some squirrely guy. Yep. Yeah. Oh, boy. Yeah, I'm going to run away. So I'd love to see. Hiro, if you're watching this at some point, or Mr. Pixel, if you could comment or tell us exactly how much AI is involved in any of your coding. I know probably not with the artwork, right? You guys are painstakingly hand-drawing all the artwork. But with integration or anything like that, how are you guys embracing AI? That would be neat to know. Do you guys know? You guys hear anything, HQ?

[40:11] HQ: No, I have never talked about development side of Cyberverse.

[40:18] qx: Gotcha. Gotcha. Yeah, that's that. Very cool. We'll leave that up. That's a good picture to have. It's such a beautiful game. What else, guys? We got some class. Yeah, go for it, kushti.

[40:34] kushti: Yeah, so now it's easier and easier to develop applications, right, on-chain applications. So then it's changing, well, economics of the process, right? So, well, no need in most cases now to issue those stupid tokens, like DEV tokens, right? Because, well, it's becoming easier and easier to do all that stuff. But yeah, I mean, people are creating millions of meme coins anyway, so those dev tokens are also probably going to this category quite soon. But if we are talking about some serious applications useful for the real world, then probably we need to think about economic implications and how to build economies around those imagined possibilities.

[41:48] qx: Right, you said something on Twitter the other day, kushti, that says, if there's 100 times more developers being able to code on blockchains, then the only thing that stands out among blockchains now is the fundamentals of the blockchain, or something like that. What was your quote? Do you remember what that was?

[42:04] kushti: Right, yeah, so ideas and yeah, they soundness, right? So you need for solid ideas and you need to be focused right on principles. So solid foundations and principles and well, the ideas should be sound economically and monetary wise, right? Because after all, the whole space is mostly about money, right? Doing money while optimistically producing better forms of money than we have today. So yeah, that's what does matter and well, doing token for Web3 somewhat application just because you want to dump this token on others.

[43:02] qx: Yeah, it's... Wasn't there a dump of the New York City token the other day or whatever that was of Mayor Eric Adams? I didn't get to the bottom of it to see how legitimate it was, but

[43:13] kushti: But that's about meme, right? There are a lot of dev tokens and I think for them there is need to consider well, soundness also, right?

[43:31] qx: Yeah, but I think we're going to see at some point with the people's ability to make these. I mean, you can spin up a pump fun site or something like that in a matter of minutes now, right? So you might see more deployment of those kind of things at some point. Once the people hungry for rugs and meme coins start doing that more, you're going to see more shit like that, I imagine. Maybe more hacks as well. I mean, I can, I'd be afraid to, I'd be afraid to vibe code on Ethereum network. I don't know. Sorry. Go HQ.

[44:05] HQ: I have a, let's say, I'm not sure if a EF will be able to handle any Ergo hack this year because of knowing the funds they have remaining. So now that we are talking about AI and what do you guys think if on the main Ergo platform and GitHub, we just create another branch with multiple languages, let's say with SVELTE, Node.js and different frameworks with projects, simple projects with MD files with how to sign transactions, how this works, how to do that and create a simple hackathon based on AI. So people have to build a simple app using the frameworks which are already there. So there is a base which has wallet connection and everything, but they have to build on top of it. So maybe it would be nice to have a small kind of hackathon for AI based stuff so people can build stuff and it doesn't need to be a bigger price for it. So maybe a small price for all the people who participate and see how people actually use AI and how what apps can be built. So if outcome of that, there is one app which is liked by many community. So we could just grab that app and make it more decentralized and make it much cleaner. So having some templates up with some readme.md with all how transaction works and all that would be easier for all the vibe coders which are looking for blockchains one way to develop on.

[45:40] qx: No, I agree, HQ. I think it would have been because I have to essentially harvest code every time I want to teach Claude how to do a wallet connection or how to do that. So it would be amazing if I could just point him to a repo that's been tried and tested and fixed that says, hey, here's how we connect in JS. Here's how we connect in Perl. Here's how we connect in Swift. Here's how all this works kind of thing.

[46:09] HQ: Just have four different frameworks. Let's say, then we have a simple HTML. There are people who would like to build on HTML. You have built on HTML and using Fleet. So yeah, so just have a simpler templates there for them so people can just fork them and work on it. And then you see all the activity it can bring on chain also in all the development for the new people who are interested in these kind of things.

[46:34] qx: Yeah, but definitely save tokens and time, that's for sure.

[46:38] kushti: Yeah. Yeah, and so for AI-focused hackathon, actually, we had one in December. So that was unstoppable hackathon in Jaipur. And so, yeah, there were some Ergo-related applications, such as updated visual coding tool. And more, so me and Bruno are still, well, messing with doing previous bit because, well, most of applications were, well, vibe coded again by students, right? And yeah, well, a lot of them. And also, well, many repositories are now full of vibe coded pull requests, but yeah, usually it's low quality slop there, but there are about 100 pull requests created in all the repositories according to CannonQ. And yeah, well, I've reviewed only like three of them and two reviewed by Dusik to the moment. So yeah, well, it's another side, right? So it's cheap to produce code, but well, if you're talking about core repositories, then yeah, usually we need higher quality than LLMs are capable.

[48:07] kushti: Then for core repositories we now have the interpreter and also the node repositories. The code there now contains agents.md file which is prohibiting to use AI agents in main codes, non-testing. So, well, agents may produce tests only according to those rules for agents. But yes, such rules are respected by some tooling like Claude code, Quen code, Krush and so on. But not all the tools even respect those rules. So yeah, it's quite a dynamic landscape, right? And yeah, so for hackathons, I think, well, it's maybe better to do, well, hackathons with external partners, like unstoppable, right? So that was quite an exciting experience. Yeah, we've got hundreds of students now, well, having some idea about Ergo Blockchain. That's quite nice.

[49:42] qx: Oh, I got a question for all of you guys, the vibe code. So imagine you run, you know, you're in control of several repos, right, with complex code. Now, I was reading an article, not an article, a post on Reddit maybe a couple of weeks ago about somebody who's a maintainer of a project that's on there that's somewhat popular. And he said that the most annoying thing that he sees is when, now that there's a vibe coding around, that there are so many pull requests with just script kiddies or whatever, people don't understand code, just putting it into AI and recommending changes on the code or feature additions and that kind of thing. And he said he finds that his time is so much more taken up with either ignoring these things or actually seeing if they'll work and that kind of thing, as opposed to somebody who knows what they're doing and knows how to really suggest changes in PRs. What are your thoughts on that and how busy that could become for a maintainer of a project?

[50:47] kushti: Yeah, that's true. So that's quite challenging, right? So yeah, we also have people coming with vibe coded pull requests for the nodes or Sigma state interpreter. And yeah, usually, well, it's just slop, right? So quality is terrible and the pull requests are not achieving goals specified simply.

[51:20] qx: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, even before that, though, I mean, you'd have people submit pull requests that weren't great and hardly had to be checked kind of thing. Even just with the language translations we had to deal with, there were some things there with that massive amount of files, yeah, file that you had to go through. But yeah. Yeah, I get it. Well, HQ had to leave us. Let me check and see if there's any questions that are besides price talk in the chat.

[51:50] qx: Byron wants to know when Gluon is, kushti. Let's see, anything else? Somebody mentioned Deco? Yeah, we love Deco. Ergo the Argonian commented on Deco, how it hasn't been around for a bit. But that was fantastic, listening to the Cheese and LGD. Some of the videos are still out there, guys, and LGD's been around a long time. He's been on a couple videos lately even. There's a video from the Meetup where he explains Gluon. I think he also has another presentation that he did for Gluon recently, even after the Ergo Meetup. So they're still around with that kind of stuff, which is great.

[52:31] qx: You know what I'd love to do? You know what I built for? Let me see if I can get this up for you guys. I would love to be able to get Cheese and LGD's voice, and also Marty, those three, those combinations. And I would love to do this.

[52:55] qx: So I built this based on ChatterTTS. It's a Python PyTorch library that runs on a machine with two 3090s right here next to me, actually, in Iraq. So you take a reference voice right here and you put in a bunch of text, and it generates a pretty darn accurate output of that person's voice. So it would be amazing if maybe we could fundraise and get LGD or Cheese to be able to take text-based tutorials, and we could make AI content out of them with their voice kind of thing in that theme of Deco. I know some people might think that's a little creepy, but we're actually using this here on the campus for a specific medical reason that we're testing out and on. And it seems to work really well for people with speech difficulties. But there are other opportunities as well. Somebody wrote me after I released it and says, hey, I do these tutorials online. And I can't get through two seconds of this thing or or, so I'd love to be able to just use this kind of tool. So I'd love to use this for DECO, you know, take tech space, put the familiar voices of cheese and LGD on there and go from there. Even kushti, we could take your voice.

[54:14] qx: And the really cool thing about this as well is we can convert them to different languages too. So we can do multilingual here, and we can choose different languages. We can switch to Russian. If we paste Russian text in here, it'll take my voice and speak Russian. It'll take kushti's voice and speak English or that kind of thing. So I think that would be a really cool tool for blending with Deco or whatever that is. Just my two cents there boys.

[54:48] kushti: Well, in the developer's chat, there is a guy, x10zyn, who is doing a Sigma book. He's going through a few repositories and documentation and creating a book on how ErgoScript is working under the hood, the Sigma layer. And yeah, it's actually in some parts quite beautiful. And he is, well, analyzing with agents the code in scala, mostly rust also, and generating snippets for his book in Zic language. So you can translate, well, not in human languages, but also in computer languages also. So yeah, that's great. And well, going back to, well, 100x more developers and ideas, I think we need to revive work on Ergo book, right? So well, to outline the path, how to get better money for the real-world needs. From those ideas, people can work with AI agents also, with or without AI agents that they can develop from the, well, ideas from the Ergo book. So I need to ping, guys working on that, so Joe, Greyman, and yeah, I'm also inviting Martin, so yeah.

[56:57] qx: Very cool. And Grayman's already written a couple chapters.

[57:01] kushti: He has written some pieces on silver and history of US monetary system, including pre-fed era. So yeah, quite interesting.

[57:25] qx: Very cool. All right, guys, well, five minutes over. I think kushti, you're interested in the spaces next time? Was that your proposal?

[57:36] kushti: I don't know. So let's do maybe chain cache basis-related spaces. How about that next Thursday then?

[57:49] Fitz: I'm down. That sounds fun.

[57:52] qx: All right. That sounds good, guys. So stay tuned for Spaces on ChainCash featuring Fitz and kushti.

[57:59] kushti: Yeah, we will invite more guys, so Joe maybe, and so on.

[58:05] qx: Perfect. Awesome. All right, guys, thanks for joining. Don't be afraid to speak up in the developer chat. Even if you're vibe coding, nobody shames there. Don't feel embarrassed to do that. Everybody's learning, and everybody's welcome, that's for sure. Thanks so much, Fitz, kushti, and HQ for joining today.

[58:27] Fitz: Thank you very much. And thank you guys for the patience, too. Like you said, the vibe coding, actually, it's been - It's been like I haven't got any judgment. So it's been awesome just to build. So yeah, it's been a pleasure, too.

[58:42] qx: Amazing. All right. Thanks, guys. Ciao. Take it easy, everybody.

[58:46] Fitz: Yeah. Thank you, everyone. Bye.

[58:48] kushti: Keep in touch.
